We are now in the middle of the forest,
near Cologne in Germany.
I'm waiting here
on cars with beautiful rear lights
I will follow that.
My name is Gerald Doerne. I work for Ford
as a Development Engineer
for the advanced light assistance technologies department.
I follow cars because I have the
new light technologies from the Ford Focus.
When I drive here
and following a car,
I follow no longer than 5 or 10 minutes.
I don't want to scare people.
We want to make it easier for the driver through it
automate switching on and off of the high beam.
So that he can concentrate on driving.
One of the tasks of the system
is the detection of rear lights of cars.
There are many different types of rear lights
and we must be sure
that we can detect them all.
We have been to different countries throughout Europe,
we have identified the most critical places.
For example, there are roads in northern Italy where testing is difficult
because the reflectors are very bright.
I like to ride in the Alps.
There are many areas there that you can see
and beautiful roads.
I love the British drivers
because they are very relaxed
and very friendly.
The French often blink with their high beam.
They don't like being blinded.
So when we are on the road
we follow cars all day.
I like that we like the cars
try to improve,
so that fewer accidents happen.